He-Man does not need a watch, he decides what time it is
When He-Man calls 911, it is to ask if everything is OK !
When He-Man is playing cricket, the rain has to cancel its raining due to the match
There is no CTL key in He-Man's keyboard, He is always in Control
When Osama found that He-Man is to help US to find him, he shot himself to death
If Dracula bites He-Man, then Dracula becomes He-Man's follower
Ghosts sit around campfire and tell He-Man stories
He-Man already went to Moon and Mars, that's why there are no signs of life
Once a Police officer caught He-Man, the cop was lucky enough to escape with a warning
He-Man can make onions cry!
He-Man can watch the Radio !
He-Man once took 15 wickets in an one day match
People call 100 for Police help, Police calls He-Man for Help
He-Man knows Victoria's Secret !
He-Man built the hospital he was born in
Harvard got it's MBA from He-Man
He-Man knows the last digit of pi
Once He-Man bite an apple and threw it away, not its is known as Apple computers logo
There is no April 1st in He-Man calendar, because no one can fool him
Dark spots on the Moon are the result of He-Man's shooting practice
He-Man can Like a Facebook post even before it is posted
He-Man died before 20 years, Death doesn't have the courage to tell him yet
Once He-Man kicked a man, later he is remembered for being the first Man to Land on Moon
When anyone says `No one is Perfect`, He-Man takes it as a personal insult.
He-Man can delete the Recycle Bin !
Gmail's email address gmail@He-Man.com
Monalisa got her smile from He-Man
He-Man know `Choli ke peeche kya hai`
He-Man got nobel prize in acting.
When He-Man wants the lights on, he simply turns the dark off !
When Alexander Bell invented the telephone, he already had 3 missed calls from He-Man
Once He-Man signed a cheque? and the Bank bounced!
He-Man can hit 6 sixes in one ball
He-Man can play Tequila shot in Cricket
He-Man stopped playing cricket these days, because even if he plays a defensive shot, it lands on moon
Once Stephen Hawking tried to convince He-Man, He got what he deserved .
He-Man counted to Infinity many times
Its a lie if any country other than India says that they have weapons of mass destruction, because He-Man lives here.
He-Man can drown a fish
Hollywood wants to make a movie Alien vs He-Man, but they fear that Rajni may beat the Alien in just few seconds and people don't watch a few
seconds movie.
He-Man can play a Violin with a piano
He-Man knows what came first Egg or Chicken !
Once death has `Near He-Man experience`
Once He-Man and Superman had a competition, The loser had to wear his underwear over his pants!
When He-Man visits Intel's office, they change their caption `He-Man Inside`
Its only when He-Man jumped onto earth from other planet, All the dinosaurs extincted
He-Man can make fire using two ice cubes
He-Man can slam a revolving door
Guinness World Records requested He-Man to not compete, else their book becomes a single line `All Records Won by He-Man`
Paul The Octopus was asked to predict He-Man's IQ?. poor Paul!
Amitabh Bachchan maybe be the host but only He-Man knows Kaun banega crorepati !
Once He-Man kicked a horse in the chin.. It's decendents were found to be giraffes!!
When He-Man logs into twitter, twitter informs Rajnikant What's happening!
He-Man B.com Accounting Answer Paper is Termed as `Accounting Standards`
When He-Man plays skipping, we face Earth Quakes !
The earth spins faster when He-Man goes for Running !
He-Man can speak in Braille
He-Man once went to The Virgin Islands, later it is know as  `The Islands`
He-Man beat the Sun in Staring at each other Contest !
He-Man tears can cure the Cancer, but the sad thing is Rajnikanth never cries
He-Man can remember the Future !
He-Man once ordered a plate of idli in McDonald's, and got it.
He-Man doesn't age, because time cannot keep up with him
He-Man can paste something even before he copy it
When He-Man logs on to facebook.com, facebook updates its status message!
There are nothing like seasons, Its just He-Man who changes the temperature when he gets bored !
He-Man don't like the other side of Moon!  That's why its not visible from earth
Why He-Man have less hair ?? In old days people used to use them to Cut Diamonds !
He-Man completely read the book Facebook many times !
When Google wants to search something, they search He-Man
He-Man can divide by Zero !
He-Man can actually run faster than his own legs
He-Man can kill two stones with one bird.
There is no such thing as global warming. He-Man was cold, so he turned the sun up.
He-Man can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
New theory in Astronomy is, Galaxies are actually Running away from He-Man
He-Man got his drivers license at the age of 12 Seconds.
To score more than 1600 in GRE, write He-Man as answer to every question
Ghosts are actually caused by He-Man killing people faster than Death can process them.
He-Man can strangle you with a cordless phone.
He-Man once emotionally break down, emotion begged him for mercy
He-Man can build a snowman?.. out of rain.
When He-Man asks you a question, there is no answer
Once a cobra bit He-Man' leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
He-Man once shot down a German fighter plane with his finger, by yelling, `Bang!`
He-Man destroyed the periodic table, because He-Man only recognizes the element of surprise.
It takes He-Man 20 minutes to watch 60 Minutes.
Bill Gates lives in constant fear that He-Man's PC will crash.
He-Man can breathe in Vacuum
He-Man can type a sentence on a calculator
He-Man can judge a book by its Cover
He-Man is the only weapon allowed inside an aeroplane
He-Man's emails never come back Undelivered
Light just wishes it can one day beat He-Man
He-Man can smell the sound
Cigarettes smoked by He-Man die from lung cancer
Actually He-Man doesn't walk, he stays at one place and move the earth with his feet
He-Man can break one side of a glass !
He-Man can boil a egg in ice water
He-Man wears sunglasses to protect the Sun from his powerful gaze